# Journal of Submission - TBD

**Main point:** Concurrent Design of Linear Quadratic Regulation and Input Shaping

1. Introduction:
    a. Combining command shaping and feedback control is a common approach to yield good overall performance of flexible systems. 
        i. Provide a good literature review of different approaches for this. Get new sources. 
    b. Previous research has been inadequate to yield sufficiently optimal results in concurrent Design 
        i. (Discuss the shortcomings of Huey and Kenison. Namely, they provide no justification for the choice of input shaper. For a second-order oscillator, why limit the number of impulses?) *I could be wrong, but I believe that I can easily come to a more time-optimal solution for the inertia control very easily by making correct modifications to the input shaper. This result may be a decent benchmark to demonstrate the point I'm trying to make.*
    c. It can be assumed that the dynamics of the flexible modes are sufficiently higher than the rigid mode when approaching this problem. We have methods of eliminating high-mode oscillation without explicitly designing for it while pushing the rigid-body modes to be as high-frequency as possible, given actuation limits. 
2. Dynamic Model
    a. Two-link flexible manipulator (I don't see this being too much different from my TDS paper, although my C matrix was wrong).
3. Input Shaping Approach
    a. Previous research has been lacking in addressing some key elements in making input shapers for concurrent design commands more optimal
    b. Low amplitude impulses allow for more aggressive control gains. The question then becomes: how do you design an input shaper that maintains the desired vibration constraint while minimizing the actuator effort required to follow the desired command? 
    c. Breaking the input shaper into a large number of impulses while still maintaining the ZV constraint can be shown to give results similar to the S-curve type command when convolved with a step input. By modifying the reference trajectory in such a way that the rigid modes are fully shaped and all high mode excitation is eliminated, good performance can be achieved. We will assume that all flexible modes exhibit frequencies sufficiently above the rigid modes ($> 200\%$). 
        (Is this method exactly equivalent to S-curve?) 
    d. Regarding sensitivity, because this input shaping approach is inherently insensitive to high-mode (flexible mode) uncertainty, it should be inherently robust. 
3. Linearized Optimal Control
    a. Use Output Linear Quadratic Regulation Feedback ($Q = C^T Q' C$)
    b. This will likely be very similar to the approach I took in my TDS paper
    c. Address Observer (LQG) design?? Maybe beyond the scope of this paper.
4. Simulations (Figures)
    a. System response. Output of Concurrent design vs LQR vs Sequential
        i. Actuator effort comparison
        ii. Rise time comparison
        iii. Disturbance Rejection Comparison
    b. Robustness response. Output of concurrent design vs LQR
        i.Rise time comparison - payload mass error

## Likely figures/plots:  
1. Image of CRAWLAB experimental two-link manipulator
2. Figure comparing step vs shaped step vs "S-curve"
3. Sensitivity curves - compare "S-curve" shaper vs comparable shapers (ZV,ZVD)